README.md, before:

### Overview
To see the overview of Veritrans SDK, please read [here](https://github.com/veritrans/Veritrans-ios-sdk/wiki/Getting-started-with-the-Veritrans-SDK)

#### Implementation

We provide two implementation modes on this SDK:

##### 1. UI Flow
To see the implementation guides please read [here](https://github.com/veritrans/Veritrans-ios-sdk/blob/master/MidtransKit/code_usage.md)

##### 2. Core Flow
To see the implementation guides please read [here](https://github.com/veritrans/Veritrans-ios-sdk/blob/master/MidtransCoreKit/code_usage.md)

##### 3. Sample / Demo App
To see the sample app (contais UI flow), you need to  you can clone this project then run `pod install` to install all
Untuk bisa menggunakan demo app, anda harus melakukan beberapa langkah berikut:

* Clone this project
* Enter to project directory then run `pod install`
* Open the `MidtransSDK.xcworkspace` file with xcode
* Remove the libPods-MidtransCoreKit.a from Link Binary With Libraries, see the gif below

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o7TKq2rYKO95UB9kc.gif)

dependencies
##### 4. Backend (merchant server) implementation
Please refer to [this wiki](https://github.com/veritrans/veritrans-android/wiki/Implementation-for-Merchant-Server)

Commit message:

add link to swift docs

README.md, after:

### Overview
To see the overview of Veritrans SDK, please read [here](https://github.com/veritrans/Veritrans-ios-sdk/wiki/Getting-started-with-the-Veritrans-SDK)

#### Implementation

We provide two implementation modes on this SDK:

##### 1. UI Flow
To see the implementation guides please read [here](https://github.com/veritrans/Veritrans-ios-sdk/blob/master/MidtransKit/code_usage.md)

If you are using Swift, please read the integration guide [here](https://github.com/veritrans/Veritrans-ios-sdk/blob/master/MidtransKit/code_usage_swift.md)

##### 2. Core Flow
To see the implementation guides please read [here](https://github.com/veritrans/Veritrans-ios-sdk/blob/master/MidtransCoreKit/code_usage.md)

##### 3. Sample / Demo App
To see the sample app (contais UI flow), you need to  you can clone this project then run `pod install` to install all
Untuk bisa menggunakan demo app, anda harus melakukan beberapa langkah berikut:

* Clone this project
* Enter to project directory then run `pod install`
* Open the `MidtransSDK.xcworkspace` file with xcode
* Remove the libPods-MidtransCoreKit.a from Link Binary With Libraries, see the gif below

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o7TKq2rYKO95UB9kc.gif)

dependencies
##### 4. Backend (merchant server) implementation
Please refer to [this wiki](https://github.com/veritrans/veritrans-android/wiki/Implementation-for-Merchant-Server)
